1.0 Overview

The Knox-Arkeia module provides the interface between the Sun Cobalt web-UI
and the Knox Arkeia client.  The module allows the customer to set the most
commonly requested features of the Knox Arkeia client.

2.0 Expectations

3.0 Arkeia

There are two sets of items that are related to configuring and monitoring the
Knox Arkeia client.  They are:

	o Arkeia Client
	o Active Monitor

and are described below.

3.1  Arkeia Client

The Arkeia Client set defines the parameters related to the Knox Arkeia client
daemon.  These parameters control which Arkeia servers may contact the local
machine to perform backup and recover operations.  Only 1 Arkeia object exists
per Sun Cobalt appliance.  The attributes are:

	Attribute	Description
	--------------  --------------------------------------------------
	Enabled		Whether the client daemon is active or not.

			Values: True or False.

	Server		The Knox Arkeia server that may perform operations
			on the host.

			Values: A valid host name.  Only a single host is
			permitted.

	Port		The TCP port the Server will use to contact the
			client software.  Used for firewall support.

			Values: Valid port number.  Default = 617.


The events that effect an Arkeia client are:

	Event		Description
	--------------  --------------------------------------------------
	Create		Add a new Arkeia object to CCE

			Parameters: All attributes

	Modify		Change the attributes of the Arkeia client and
			update the running Arkeia client daemon.

			Parameters: Changed attributes

	Delete		Remove the Arkeia client from CCE

			Parameters: None.

3.1.1 Create Event

When an Arkeia client object is created, the parameters are analyzed and the
appropriate configuration files for the Knox Arkeia client are updated.  The
Arkeia client daemon is stopped or started according to the Enabled attribute.

3.1.2 Modify Event

When the Arkeia client object is modified, the changed parameters are analyzed
and the configuration files for the Knox Arkeia client are updated.  The Arkeia
client daemon is stopped or started according to the Enabled attribute.

3.1.3 Delete Event

When the Arkeia client object is deleted, it is removed from CCE.  The client
daemon is stopped and no changes are made to the Arkeia client configuration.


3.2 Active Monitor

The Active Monitor set for the Knox arkeia client allows the Active Monitor
module to perform tests to ensure that the client is running (or not) as 
indicated by the Arkeia object's Enabled attribute.  The attributes associated
with AM integration are:

	Attribute	Description
	--------------  --------------------------------------------------
	Enabled		Whenter the Arkeia client is expected to be running
			or not.

			Values: True or False

	Test		The test to run to verify whether the Arkeia client
			is running correctly.

			Values: am_arkeia.sh

The events that are associated with AM integration are:

	Event		Description
	--------------  --------------------------------------------------
	Create		Add Arkeia monitoring to Active Monitor

			Parameters:  All attributes
 
	Modify		Change the state of the AM object

			Parameters: enabled

	Run		Run the test to ensure Arkeia is running as expected.

			Parameters: None

	Delete		Remove Arkeia from Active Monitor

			Parameters: None

3.2.1 Create Event

When an Active Monitor object is created, the Active Monitor system begins to
run tests periodically to ensure the object being monitored (in this case, the
Arkeia client) is operating as expected.

3.2.2 Modify Event

The Arkeia Active Monitor object may be modified to indicate the current
expected state of the Arkeia client.  This is stored in the Enabled attribute.

3.2.3 Run Event

The Active Monitor subsystem performs the tests specified in the Test attribute
to determine if the Arkeia client is in the state expected by the Enabled
property.  If the Arkeia client is expected to be running, and is, nothing
happens.  If the client is not responding or stopped, it is restarted.  If
the client should not be running and is, it is stopped.

3.2.4 Delete Event

The Arkeia Active Monitor object is removed from CCE and periodic testing of
the Arkeia client stops.


